Details: 
 
The qualifying round for the Codeshastra 3.0 hackathon will take place on 22nd January, 2017 only for students of DJSCE. Reporting time for participants is 7 am sharp at the venue – 5th floor, Dwarkadas J. Sanghvi College of Engineering. Each team will consist of 2-4 students. Only one team member should register for his/her entire team on www.djcsi.co.in. The registration for the event is free. All participants must print and sign the undertaking as shown on the website. Entry will not be permitted to participants without the undertaking being signed by their parents. Problem statements will be released on 20th January, 2017 by 12 pm. The qualifying round will take place till 3pm, post which the teams may present their solution to the judges. Results of this qualifying round will be announced after all presentations are reviewed by the judges. Experienced mentors will be present to guide students and help them with any doubts that may arise. The participants must bring their own food for Round 0. Additional rules may be declared on the day of the event and all participants must adhere to the same.

General Rules: 

The participating teams must seat themselves only at the desk allocated to them. The participants must bring their own laptops and chargers. It is mandatory for each team to carry ATLEAST ONE spike guard / extension cord. It is mandatory for all team members to wear their college ID cards. All participants are required to adhere to the dress code as set by the college, i.e., no shorts are allowed on campus. Consumption of alcohol and/or smoking on the premises of the event will lead to instant disqualification of the offender’s team. Carrying knives, lighters and matchboxes is prohibited at the venue. Any participant found having any prohibited item in their possession will be immediately disqualified. List of prohibited items may be extended at any time by the organizers. The college as well as the organizing committee will not be responsible for any stolen or damaged personal belongings. Each participant is accountable for his/her own possessions. Participants found guilty of damaging college property must pay appropriate fine for the same. Discipline must be maintained at all times during the course of the event. All participants are requested to declare any health issues to the organizers before the start of the event and must carry the requisite medication for the same. Any team not complying with the rules and causing any kind of chaos shall be disqualified at the organizer’s discretion and may be asked to vacate the premises with immediate effect. The decision of judges and DJ-CSI managing committee on matters including but not limited to qualification for the main event will be final.

Technical Rules: 
 
The participating teams must select any one problem statement to work on and should develop a viable software solution for the same. (Mobile Application and/or Desktop Application and/or Website and a presentation explaining their solution). The teams cannot come with a pre-built project. If a project is found to be noncompliant with this rule at any point of time, the participating team will be disqualified with immediate effect. Internet access and power supply points will be provided onsite. Participants can use freely available servers/ their own servers for developing and/or presenting their product. All the codes written for the hackathon must be compulsorily made open-source by publishing them on GitHub under appropriate licenses. The intellectual property of various ideas will solely remain with DJ-CSI.